Ashlan Lee Chidester
7903 NE 12th st., Vancouver WA 98664
(801) 473-6124 Ashlan54@gmail.com

Education

University of Colorado, Boulder, CO 2012
Interdisciplinary Telecommunications Program Graduate Certificate in Computer and 	Network Security
Capella University, Westminster, CO 2010
BS in Information Technology 

Certification

EPI Certified Data Centre Professional, 06/2017 – 06/2020 License 6020142.20669682
https://www.exin.com/certificate-authentication?language_content_entity=en

Code

https://bitbucket.org/%7B31f8b609-6d9d-48c2-8901-03c5c411117f%7D/
 
Experience 

RA Outdoors, Database Administrator 07/2018 - Current
https://aspiraconnect.com/

Maintain MySQL database. 
Linux Administration.
PHP, Python, and Bash scripting.
AWS RDS migration.

Venture Token Fund, Infrastructure Architecture 12/2017 - 06/2018 https://www.venturetokenfund.com/ 

Develop and implement security architecture for cryptocurrency infrastructure using Kafka.io and Redis.io.
Perform detailed technical design and hands-on programming with Python and MySQL 
Develop a crypto key management system and infrastructure for securing blockchain transactions and data protection.
Lead the evaluation, integration and deployment of vendor products in data protection and crypto key management.
Create policies and procedures, systems, and tools for cryptocurrency key management.
Conduct security design and peer code review for cryptocurrency projects.
Track new industry best practices, products, standards, and other guidance in securing digital currency and transactions applicable to the relevant services offered.
Articulate clear, fact-based points of view regarding threats and risks in cryptocurrency and providing application security advice and guidance.
Act as a cryptography subject matter expert, answer questions, and create compliant, creative solutions.
Establish and maintain an effective relationship with business partners.
Review new services created to ensure the design is in accordance with corporate standards, including authentication, encryption, application security, access control and monitoring.

Jive Communications, Site Reliability Engineer 04/2015 – 07/2017 
https://jive.com/

Work with software development leaders, and technical program managers to define/on-board new infrastructure projects that supported the product road map.
Confer with infrastructure architects, network engineers, storage admins, and developer personnel to assess and scope proposed projects.
Review projects with development teams, infrastructure and platform engineering for technical vetting and sizing.
Summarize reviewed projects for project approval meeting with senior technical and business staff.
Help establish metrics, SLAs, and exit criteria for all site operations.
Develop on demand: automation, integration, Linux, and cloud.
Manage day-to-day data center operations for 10 US-based and international sites that support over 200k customers.
Manage services in AWS(Route53, S3, EC2, VPC), Rackspace Cloud, RabbitMQ
DBA Cassandra, Postgres, MySQL and MongoDB.
Microservices Architecture in management of large distributed computing environment.
Containerization with technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes.
Bash scripting and Python.
Experience working in Agile SDLC/Scrum environments, Atlassian/Jira project management tools.
Experience integrating monitoring tools such as Graphite/Grafana, New Relic.
Github, bitbucket online code repositories.
Cloud-based performance and scalability.
Web Server Nginx, Apache administration.
Dashboard visualization platform Elastic Search / Kibana.
Configuration management using SALT.
Continuous integration CI and continuous delivery CD using Jenkins
Data Center management with IPAM/DCIM tools using Racktables and Netbox.
Implement, configure and maintain Cisco and Juniper network equipment.

Megapath, Network Engineer 01/2010 - 02/2015 
https://www.megapath.com/

24/7 on-call rotation overseeing Enterprise level complex network focusing on efficiency and performance.  
